https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLO_RFNry8zsQJJ2Q5_DUGg1pCQmaNqFfQ # Ashnikko
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRErkoMQlRsLg6vV0MKHvc8nB-ZxsBFwu # Qveen Herby
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLempNwXLAZCArbVGiaAb4BX1v7XzbdplZ # Mashd n Kutcher
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0E4D709A41B9929C                 # Jack Harlow
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR4Z7Y2LsgH5uFaLnbpJNrVcBWZsIo-yv # Cardi B
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyFXCKnnTVvqHGswuIaN3kK9t7cTWCP8B # Saweetie
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgZ4DdsdoXP3BKa2Y0hkOtzmmUMeriF95 # DaBaby
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFO0esT_hEQSMI_d1JFlGbj_6xx11BhTJ # Ariana Grande
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbNKjAnSNvqo3EVLSfNAqYVSWBP5VNxMw # Lil Nas X
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeAzjbSp9yEr4DL9v1f6wO8k_7fTeJ7zB # Yung Gravy
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgrgBIWj1qU4DrSkPny2L1MAm-BhbmFVp # ChildishGambino
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrZOPrth3tHPYt-dRZjRZCNJWjOdnjV88 # Post Malone
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEMjtUtKjYoTAMbn-jPtny-toHMxhH_7L # Megan Thee Stallion
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjL_xsNpjUAPZNZd7ej08NwVJ4VljepUM # Doja Cat
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLcIDqHah6ZnCp48Mixo9UvT505e7itqp7 # Ninja Sex Party
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqHjID33yEMKxy7Q0arPioYWfYNPNX4lE # Audrey Nuna
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0FB9262CF878A34A                 # Ok Go
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFdTtsxKP2oER_lnVkuZFDixXZb6gTFsm # Ok Go Remastered
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1BwKXJqW9zXQxbZNTc1p1PXjrUwkDAK7 # Harry Styles
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLl8VaWiKm5oul9IUo2qviQAcuHTXMQsQH # Avicci
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL198741246C1CF574                 # Evanescense
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLX9BWLS-uxBsFjOChbUn1EVH8IyYQcUP6 # Crayon Pop
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLN4C_R4ZZCriMa2iTVxdbuFaKveKbv1xg # Nicki Minaj
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRi4SWBgYP1fXMLgFMBEBb2KmEplrM4xv # They Might Be Giants
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLF06D437EE0D16A9F                 # Avril Lavigne
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbHR-EqT3TYSdCKnvuCWn68uiuiEU2CBP # Lizzo
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL17Cv5zVqNRV243RvgRjLhxu6Fp3eaIs- # Coheed & Cambria
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0cWlOyqP6_ML2mhXbrwIRQ8ITpugDZh3 # Armin Van Buuren
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL876244451BABB4F8                 # Owl City
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuI7t85rFyksIFtOj5cLA7MKKMdfkx7qW # Trapt
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8D227F99E9354401                 # Yellocard
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvOVWwFA2FHxM7Q9SQ_sT7kc3mz_Xi09x # Incubus
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFB8E2A055586144C                 # 3 Doors Down
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdrdhG5chrU8Lm2-B4VltgXE_9kjMhUOB # Good Charlotte
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9915550470BED029                 # Panic! at the Disco
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLw7LuFzpErOwry0lFXQB8XxeienZbMoUA # All-American Rejects
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLA93FBFFB92366058                 # Within Temptation
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQb6pfTt-fIm3nYK3vbB8-IEVgQTWX-bm # Lacuna Coil
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9ENCuCLKeMrEiY-E4SF5_4JPRoTdqhrz # Nightwish
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXQV-A8ecPqDL4Kr3FKap9C1H08fbi2Cr # Hyuna
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLI1IR4xwiz_dGGkzWx8u1UAblwP1P-_21 # Kyary Pamyu Pamyu
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1WVPoc9631XEHtiNvBSst3REv88Rg6L_ # Perfume
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLy4Kg0J0TkebIr4dkt4rEgDns_ZwP0rzh # Demi Lovato
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNrotoZZ8BaoXT_LJuwEyESQlctWNDCwD # Dua Lipa
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6jBhNUwGUs67xiPyQezMlg                 # Rain Paris
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL73GAwYINhRiJz4QnZqpr9y8p-lOH-JoF # Yung Baby Tate
